SEP-6: Add support for asynchronous deposit instructions (#1379)
stellar/stellar-protocol: ecosystem/sep-0006.md

`fee_percent` | float | (optional) Percentage fee (if any). In units of percentage points.
`extra_info` | object | (optional) JSON object with additional information about the deposit process.

`instructions` fields:

An object with SEP-9 financial account fields as keys and its values are objects with the following fields:

Name | Type | Description
-----|------|------------
`description` | string | A human-readable description of the field. This can be used to provide any additional information about fields that are not defined in the SEP-9 standard.

`extra_info` fields:

Name | Type | Description
-----|------|------------
`message` | string | (optional) Additional details about the deposit process.

##### Examples

Bank payment example:
```json
{
  "instructions": {
    "bank_number": {
      "description": "Bank number",
    },
    "bank_branch_number": {
      "description": "Bank branch number",
    }
  },
  "id": "9421871e-0623-4356-b7b5-5996da122f3e",
}

> ```

Author: > Lets update all the examples (anyone using how already knows how to use it, everyone else can benefit from more examples using instructions.

Sure.

> Finally, we're providing information with the `instructions` object, not requesting it. So instead of having SEP-9 fields be objects with a `description`, we need the actual values from the organization:

Oops! Thanks for catching it. I think we should keep the `description` in case SEP-9 fields are not sufficient to describe the deposit instructions.

> I think we're missing SEP-9 fields for crypto addresses and memos in the case of withdraws. Can you add those to SEP-9 before merging this PR? 

Sure.

> ```

Reviewer: >we're missing SEP-9 fields for crypto addresses and memos in the case of withdraws
Should we also add chain identifier? If user want to receive ERC-20 (e.g stablecoin), it's unclear which chain should be used

> ```

Reviewer 2: Lets use SEP-38's asset identification format, which has the `stellar` and `iso4217` schemes already. Other schemes can be added if an anchor wants to offer ethereum -> stellar bridging, for example.

> ```

Author: To be clear, this would be a withdrawal type listed in the `/info` response and not a SEP-9 field, right?

> ```

Reviewer 2: Ah you're right, we already have those fields defined in SEP-6.. never mind on this request then.

> ```

Author: I think we should still add `crypto_address` and `crypto_memo` to the SEP-9 fields. Chain identifier is handled by the SEP-6 withdraw types.

> ```

Author: https://github.com/stellar/stellar-protocol/pull/1382

`fee_percent` | float | (optional) Percentage fee (if any). In units of percentage points.
`extra_info` | object | (optional) JSON object with additional information about the deposit process.

`instructions` fields:

An object with SEP-9 financial account fields as keys and its values are objects with the following fields:

Name | Type | Description
-----|------|------------
`description` | string | A human-readable description of the field. This can be used to provide any additional information about fields that are not defined in the SEP-9 standard.

`extra_info` fields:

Name | Type | Description
-----|------|------------
`message` | string | (optional) Additional details about the deposit process.

##### Examples

Bank payment example:
```json
{
  "id": "9421871e-0623-4356-b7b5-5996da122f3e",
  "instructions": {
    "organization.bank_number": {
      "value": "121122676",
      "description": "US bank routing number"
    },
    "organization.bank_account_number": {
      "value": "13719713158835300",
      "description": "US bank account number"
    }
  }
}

> ```

Reviewer 2: We're not removing `how`, and its still required, so we need to have it present in our examples.

`fee_percent` | float | (optional) Percentage fee (if any). In units of percentage points.
`extra_info` | object | (optional) JSON object with additional information about the deposit process.

`instructions` fields:

An object with SEP-9 financial account fields as keys and its values are objects with the following fields:

Name | Type | Description
-----|------|------------

> `description` | string | A human-readable description of the field. This can be used to provide any additional information about fields that are not defined in the SEP-9 standard.

Reviewer 2: Add `value` here

* `enabled`: `true` if SEP-6 deposit for this asset is supported
* `authentication_required`: Optional. `true` if client must be [authenticated](#authentication) before accessing the deposit endpoint for this asset. `false` if not specified.

> * `fields` (**Deprecated**, KYC information should be supplied to the Anchor via SEP-12) `fields` object is explained below.

Reviewer 2: We might want to expand on why this is deprecated (security of passing PII in URLs).

`refunds` | object | (optional) An object describing any on or off-chain refund associated with this transaction. The schema for this object is defined in the [Refunds Object Schema](#refunds-object-schema) section below.
`required_info_message` | string | (optional) A human-readable message indicating any errors that require updated information from the user.
`required_info_updates` | object | (optional) A set of fields that require update from the user described in the same format as [/info](#info).  This field is only relevant when `status` is `pending_transaction_info_update`.

> `customer_info_type` | string | (optional) The [SEP-12 type](sep-0012.md#type-specification) of customer information that is required to complete the transaction. This field is only relevant when `status` is `pending_customer_info_update`. Wallets should use this field to determine which fields to request from the user.

Reviewer 2: I think we should provide the set of SEP-9 fields required on the transaction rather than use a SEP-12 customer type, which is just adding a level of indirection. It also requires businesses to group and label every potential set of SEP-9 fields required, which might be tedious if there are a lot of permutations.

> `how` | string | (optional) A human-readable message indicating how the user should complete the transaction. This field is only required if `how` was not included in the response of a `deposit` request.

Reviewer 2: Rather than port `how` to the `/transaction(s)` response, I'd rather move away from having the anchor produce human-readable content that the anchor has no control over.

Instead, we should create a object that contain a set of SEP-9 account-related fields, providing information about the business' off-chain account in the case of deposit and on-chain account in the case of withdraw.

Author: The plan is to replace `how` with something more structured but I was thinking of addressing that in another PR. Is that okay with you?

Reviewer: I think it makes sense to do it in one PR, otherwise we will have ab in-between state we are not satisfied with

`refunds` | object | (optional) An object describing any on or off-chain refund associated with this transaction. The schema for this object is defined in the [Refunds Object Schema](#refunds-object-schema) section below.
`required_info_message` | string | (optional) A human-readable message indicating any errors that require updated information from the user.
`required_info_updates` | object | (optional) A set of fields that require update from the user described in the same format as [/info](#info).  This field is only relevant when `status` is `pending_transaction_info_update`.
`required_customer_info_message` | string | (optional) A human-readable message indicating why the SEP-12 information provided by the user is not sufficient to complete the transaction.
`required_customer_info_updates` | string | (optional) A set of SEP-9 fields that require update from the user via SEP-12.  This field is only relevant when `status` is `pending_customer_info_update`.

> `instructions` | string | (optional) JSON object containing the [SEP-9 financial account fields](sep-0009.md#financial-account-fields) that describe how to complete the off-chain deposit in the same format as the [/deposit](#deposit) response. This field should be present if the `instructions` were provided in the [/deposit](#deposit) response or if it could not have been previously provided synchronously. This field should only be present if the status is `pending_user_transfer_start`, not any status that precede it such as `incomplete`, or `pending_customer_info_update`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`instructions` | string | (optional) JSON object containing the [SEP-9 financial account fields](sep-0009.md#financial-account-fields) that describe how to complete the off-chain deposit in the same format as the [/deposit](#deposit) response. This field should be present if the `instructions` were provided in the [/deposit](#deposit) response or if it could not have been previously provided synchronously. This field should only be present once the status becomes `pending_user_transfer_start`, not while the transaction has any statuses that precede it such as `incomplete`, `pending_anchor`, or `pending_customer_info_update`.
```

`refunds` | object | (optional) An object describing any on or off-chain refund associated with this transaction. The schema for this object is defined in the [Refunds Object Schema](#refunds-object-schema) section below.
`required_info_message` | string | (optional) A human-readable message indicating any errors that require updated information from the user.
`required_info_updates` | object | (optional) A set of fields that require update from the user described in the same format as [/info](#info).  This field is only relevant when `status` is `pending_transaction_info_update`.

> `required_customer_info_message` | string | (optional) A human-readable message indicating any errors that require updated information from the user.

Reviewer 2: I think this field will be used in the case where businesses haven't attempted to facilitate the transaction yet, so I think we should rephrase the description to remove mention of errors.

`required_customer_info_updates` | string | (optional) A set of SEP-9 fields that require update from the user via SEP-12.  This field is only relevant when `status` is `pending_customer_info_update`.

> `instructions` | string | (optional) JSON object containing the [SEP-9 financial account fields](sep-0009.md#financial-account-fields) that describe how to complete the off-chain deposit in the same format as the [/deposit](#deposit) response. This field is only required if `instructions` was not included in the response of a `deposit` request. Only relevant for deposit transactions.

Reviewer 2: I think we should change the description to say that `instructions` should be present on the object whether or not it was provided synchronously in the transaction initiation request.

Also, we should state that `instructions` should only be present once the status of the transaction is `pending_user_transfer_start` (not `incomplete` or `pending_cusotmer_info_update`, which are statuses that may proceed it).
